{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red42\green75\blue126;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c21176\c37255\c56863;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}\levelprepend{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 Title: System Requirement Specification for Online hotel booking portal\
\
\
Team:\
	Direct Customer, Indirect Customer,Architect, Business Analyst\
	Quality Assurance Team,\
	System Analyst\
\
\pard\tx20\tx180\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf3 	1.Objective\
\pard\tx180\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx180\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The major objective of this product is to provide information about scientific methods and techniques used to produce high quality disease free agricultural crops and animal product. This also provides information about protection and caring techniques, climatic and soil condition required and fertilizers used to product disease free agricultural and animal product.\
This also provide information of buying and selling the product, provide the recent market situation like price, demand, success history of farmers and motivate other people in agriculture and animal husbandry and  its business. \
\
\
\pard\tx180\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 1.4 Scope\
\pard\tx180\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx180\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Agro Biz is a mobile application, which will be complete guide to both agricultural product producers (farmers) and customers. Here, both agro producers and costumers can sign up through this application at first time. Producer advertise their product with detail information including product name, price rate, quantity, available place and services they provide whereas costumers (whole-seller, retailers and consumers) post their needs along with required product name, quantity and place where they want.\
\
Thus, this will create a complete platform to connect with producers and costumers and fulfill the need and requirement of both producers (farmer) and consumers. \
\
There will be other costumers that is a business- person who directly want to get the product from producer (Farmer) and want to supply the product to the different whole sellers around the city and earn profit.\
\
\
Requirements\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 4.5.1 Functional Requirement \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 View rainfall percentage compared to corresponding week of last year. 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 View the percentage of rainfall in the selected week to the long term average 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 View the percentage of rainfall in the week and in June & July to the long term average 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 View the Sown Area Progress Report 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 View the water availability Report 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 View the Reservoir Capacity Report 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Fodder and Cattle Report 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Price of Food Item Report 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 View the Number of farmers & Area where crop loss is > 50% 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Report of Paisewari / Annewari 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Report of Information of population 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Report on Damage of Agriculture due to Drought 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Report on Damage of Fodder & Cattle due to Drought 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Submit Rainfall Deficiency 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Manage progress of Sown Area Information. 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Manage the information of number of farmers & area where crop loss is >50%. 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Manage the Price of Food Items. 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Manage the Information of Reservoir Details 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Manage the Information of Reservoir Capacity 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Damage of Agriculture due to drought 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 Damage of Fodder and Cattle due to drought. 
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb4 View Best Practices on Drought 
\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 4.8.1 Reliability 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 The system\'92s reliability is dependent on various factors like ensuring proper validations for each field and form in the system, ensuring a seamless transition in between different forms, displaying proper alerts for errors, ensuring no http or system based errors are displayed and ensuring that proper markings are done for the mandatory and non-mandatory fields in the system so as to ensure consistent response while saving or updating the data. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 4.8.2 Availability 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 The proposed application is to be hosted at the NIC data center servers to ensure that the application is available 24x7 to the users. A maintenance window of 1 hour at midnight might be kept wherein backend processing jobs may be scheduled. During the maintenance window the non-essential services should be available to the users and a proper message about the curtailed services should be available to the users during the period. The application should be deployed in a high availability mode to ensure 99.9% uptime. 
\fs24 \
SRS for Service 11: Providing Information on Drought Relief and Management Page 156 \
Software Requirements Specification \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 4.8.3 Security 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 The proposed system will be deployed at the NIC datacenter and will use NIC\'92s Internet Security setup. The application will have two types of content Anonymous and Authenticated. The anonymous content would be available to all the users and would not require a login in the system where as the authenticated content would require the users to authenticate using a userid and password. The application should implement role based access so that each authenticated user should have access to the content for which he/she is authorized. All the passwords should be stored in the encrypted form in the database. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 4.8.4 Maintainability 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 The application will have a 1 hour maintenance window preferably at midnight during which the scheduled maintenance tasks such as database backups, batch processing etc. will be executed. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 4.8.5 Portability 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 The server component of application should support portability for up scaling or out scaling in the same environment or to a new environment. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
}