{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Employee management system version 1.0 is a software system that will allow the Human Resource department of Pasadena Corporation, California to manage it\'92s employees in a better way. When needed, it\'92ll take just a few seconds to find out the background of an employee & his/her contribution to the organization. It\'92ll also facilitate keeping all the records of employees, such as their date of hiring & date of leaving. So all the information about an employee will be available in a few seconds. It\'92ll also make it very easy to generate statistical data or custom data, like finding a certain set of employees. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Overall, it\'92ll make Human Resource Management an easier job for the Human Resource department of Pasadena Corporation 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Functional requirements 
\f1 \uc0\u57344 
\f0  The HR executives will be able to search according to all this information. 
\f1 \uc0\u57344 
\f0  The HR executives will be given more powers (add/modify) than other users. Passwords will be encrypted. 
\f1 \uc0\u57344 
\f0  It\'92ll be ensured that the information entered is of the correct format. For example, name can\'92t contain numbers. Incase information in incorrect format is added, the user will be asked to fill the information again. Non-functional requirements 
\f1 \uc0\u57344 
\f0  MindWorx Inc. will give the initial passwords to the users which can then be changed because of security concerns. 
\f1 \uc0\u57344 
\f0  In case password is forgotten, a phone call to MindWorx Inc. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 can be made to reset it. In that case, new password will be emailed due to security concerns 
\fs24 \
}