{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red68\green120\blue202;\red0\green0\blue0;\red28\green48\blue78;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red133\green35\blue2;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c32941\c55294\c83137;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c14118\c25098\c38039;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c60000\c20000\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs53\fsmilli26667 \cf2 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Objective: 
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 The purpose of this source is to describe the railway reservation system which provides the train timing details, reservation, billing and cancellation on various types of reservation namely,\uc0\u8232 \'95 Confirm Reservation for confirm Seat. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 \'95 Reservation against Cancellation. \'95 Waiting list Reservation.\uc0\u8232 \'95 Online Reservation.\u8232 \'95 Tatkal Reservation. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 The origin of most software systems is in the need of a client, who either wants to automate the existing manual system or desires a new software system. The software system is itself created by the developer. Finally, the end user will use the completed system. Thus, there are three major parties interested in a new system: the client, the user, and the developer. Somehow the requirements for the system that will satisfy the needs of the clients and the concerns of the users have to be communicated to the developer. The problem is that the client doesn\'92t usually design the software or the software development process and the 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 Computer Engineering, BE-6 Page 5 
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf4 \strokec4 Railway Reservation 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf5 \strokec5 5 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf3 developer does not understand the client\'92s problem and the application area. This causes a communication gap between the parties involved in the development of the project. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 The basic purpose of Software Requirement Specification (SRS) is to bridge this communication gap. SRS is the medium through which the client\'92s and the user\'92s needs are accurately specified; indeed SRS forms the basis of software development. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Another important purpose of developing an SRS is helping the clients understanding their own needs. An SRS establishes the basis for agreement between the client and the supplier on what the software product will do. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 An SRS provides a reference for validation of the final product.A high quality SRS is a prerequisite to high quality software and it also reduces the development cost. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 A few factors that direct us to develop a new system are given below -: 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Faster System \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Accuracy \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Reliability \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Informative \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Reservations and cancellations from anywhere to any place \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
scope\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \'93Railways Reservation System\'94 is an attempt to simulate the basic concepts of an online Reservation system. The system enables to perform the following functions: 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 SEARCH FOR TRAIN\uc0\u8232 BOOKING OF A SELECTED FLIGHT PAYMENT 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 CANCELLATION 
\f1\fs24 \

\fs37\fsmilli18667 Freight Revenue enhancement \
Passenger Revenue enhancement\
 Improved & optimized service 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs69\fsmilli34667 \cf2 \strokec2 3.1 Function Requirements 
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 3.1.1 performance requirements: 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u61623 
\f2  \'ca
\f1\fs32 User Satisfaction: - 
\f0 The system is such that it stands up to the user expectations. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u61623 
\f2  \'ca
\f1\fs32 Response Time: -
\f0 The response of all the operation is good. This has been made 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 possible by careful programming. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u61623 
\f2  \'ca
\f1\fs32 Error Handling: - 
\f0 Response to user errors and undesired situations has been taken care of to ensure that the system operates without halting. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u61623 
\f2  \'ca
\f1\fs32 Safety and Robustness: - 
\f0 The system is able to avoid or tackle disastrous action. In other words, it should be foul proof. The system safeguards against undesired events, without human intervention. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u61623 
\f2  \'ca
\f1\fs32 Portable: -
\f0 The software should not be architecture specific. It should be easily transferable to other platforms if needed. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		
\f3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u61623 
\f2  \'ca
\f1\fs32 User friendliness: - 
\f0 The system is easy to learn and understand. A native user can also use the system effectively, without any difficulties. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 3.1.2 Design constrian: 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 There are a number of factors in the client\'92s environment that may restrict the choices of a designer. Such factors include standards that must be followed, resource limits, operating environment, reliability and security requirements and policies that may have an impact on the design of the system. An SRS (Software Requirements Analysis and Specification) should identify and specify all such constraints. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 \'d8 
\f1 Standard Compliance: -
\f0 This specifies the requirements for the standards the system must follow. The standards may include the report format and accounting properties. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 \'d8 
\f1 Hardware Limitations :- 
\f0 The software may have to operate on some existing or predetermined hardware, thus imposing restrictions on the design. Hardware limitations can include the types of machines to be used, operating system available on the system, languages supported and limits on primary and secondary storage. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 \'d8 
\f1 Reliability and Fault Tolerance: - 
\f0 Fault tolerance requirements can place a major constraint on how the system is to be designed. Fault tolerance requirements often make the system more complex and expensive. Requirements about system behavior in the face of certain kinds of faults are specified. Recovery requirements are often an integral part here, detailing what the system should do I some failure occurs to ensure certain properties. Reliability requirements are very important for critical applications. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 \'d8 
\f1 Security: - 
\f0 Security requirements are particularly significant in defence systems and database systems. They place restrictions on the use of certain commands, control access to 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf4 \strokec4 Railway Reservation 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 Computer Engineering, BE-6 Page 13 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf5 \strokec5 13 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf3 data, provide different kinds of access requirements for different people, require the use of passwords and cryptography techniques and maintain a log of activities in the system. 
\f1\fs24 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 3.2.1 Security: 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 The system use SSL (secured socket layer) in all transactions that include any confidential customer information. The system must automatically log out all customers after a period of inactivity. The system should not leave any cookies on the customer\'92s computer containing the user\'92s password. The system\'92s back-end servers shall only be accessible to authenticated management. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 3.2.2 Reliability: 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 The reliability of the overall project depends on the reliability of the separate components. The main pillar of reliability of the system is the backup of the database which is continuously maintained and updated to reflect the most recent changes. Also the system will be functioning inside a container. Thus the overall stability of the system depends on the stability of container and its underlying operating system. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 3.2.3 Availability: 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs32 The system should be available at all times, meaning the user can access it using a web browser, only restricted by the down time of the server on which the system runs. A customer friendly system which is in access of people around the world should work 24 hours. In case of a of a hardware failure or database corruption, a replacement page will be shown. Also in case of a hardware failure or database corruption, backups of the database should be retrieved from the server and saved by the Organizer. Then the service will be restarted. It means 24 x 7 availability. 
\f1\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf4 \strokec4 Railway Reservation 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 Computer Engineering, BE-6 Page 15 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf5 \strokec5 15 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 3.2.4 Maintainability: 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf3 A commercial database is used for maintaining the database and the application server takes care of the site. In case of a failure, a re-initialization of the project will be done. Also the software design is being done with modularity in mind so that maintainability can be done efficiently. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 3.2.5 Supportability: 
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf3 The code and supporting modules of the system will be well documented and easy to understand. Online User Documentation and Help System Requirements. 
\f1\fs24 \
}